## ChatGPT4

ERC-1921 proposes an extension to the Decentralized Type System (dType) described in EIP-1900. The extension adds support for registering functions (with a preference for pure and view) in the dType Registry. The motivation behind this proposal is to evolve the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) into a Singleton Operating System by providing a way to register, find, and address contract functions in an automated way. This will enable access to all the data needed to run the function inside the EVM. Additionally, having a globally available, non-custodial functions registry will democratize the development of tools such as blockchain data analysis, smart contract IDEs, and security analysis of smart contracts. The proposal specifies the data definitions and interfaces needed to support registering individual smart contract functions as entries in the dType Registry. For each function, the name, types, outputs, and contract address can be stored. The input and output types are based on types that have already been registered, which lowers the amount of ABI information needed to be stored for each function and enables developers to aggregate and find functions that use the same types for their I/O. This can be a powerful tool for interoperability and smart contract composition. The proposal does not affect extant Ethereum standards or implementations, and registering functions for existing contract deployments should be fully supported. In-work implementation examples can be found at https://github.com/pipeos-one/dType.
